 Does it learn over time about your past history and behavior so that if it knows you're getting in the car at the end of the morning, it knows you're probably heading off to work or without you. The other thing that I would say about agentic context is really good memory, right? And just being able to have history and knowledge about, um, anything that user does for my behavior, pattern, you know, data that they have about, you know, address and other, like, other things that you can do if you're gonna be anticipating their needs and try and get things done on their behalf, knowing their preferences, knowing their data, knowing their state, all of that stuff so that you can, as in the description for this hack, You can kind of anticipate their needs, because that's when the magic really starts to happen for a user, is when they don't even need to ask for something, because the agentic experience has anticipated it, and has the thing already done, or already ready, or already open, already programmed into the NAP system, whatever it is, as they're moving. So that's another form of context, then? The final form of context, and I don't think people have really thought this through completely. People are building OSS for classes, right? Where they think they're gonna own the kind of agentic experience, or even in the phone, I think, I think the more you can do to help your agent know and see what you're seeing, hear what you're hearing, and bring that context in. even feel what you're feeling. Temperature wise, whatever, is gonna, again, enrich that experience, because, you know, if you see somebody walking by and you see a cool bag and you can just say, damn, that's an awesome bag. I wonder where they got it. And then the next time you pull your phone out, your agent has for you, you know, that exact bag, you know, which happens to be, you know, $850, uh, but then three equivalent ones that look pretty similar that are much cheaper. Like, that's the kind of stuff that can happen, because your agent is seeing what you see, whereas other sensory abilities to kind of see and anticipate and feel. So, I think, you know, anything that you can start to do to look at what people already have with them, you know, Gemini and ChatGPT, they're doing a pretty good job of their go live version of their agents, where you can turn a camera on, they can see what you see. Still a bit of a clunky interface, that'll definitely be easier when we've got, you know, pins, or four classes, or other things that can be the eyes, or the ears, for the agent. And yeah, so those are things. And then finally, we are in this weird state right now, where, um, agenda capabilities, be it with claws, complexity computer, the ability for agents to go off and do things on your behalf. has actually advanced much faster than the app framework and services environment to let those agents get access to the stuff that you do. So, for instance, you have Chemade and Gemini to get you an Uber. Gemini can't get you an Uber. It's one of the most frustrating things to me, as an example of how broken, you know, the most one of the most advanced agenta AIs, built into your phone, built by the person that built the photo and the team that built the photo S, the same company anyways. And yet, Google hasn't really been advancing getting all the apps in the Google Play Store to have agenda get the eyes. And so, a lot of the things that your users, that you're building, your incomes for, um, a lot of the apps and services that they use throughout their day, don't have easy to use MCD based or other agenda ABIs. And so as a result of that, you've got a new hat. You've got to do spring screening, or kind of front on the phone, and launch it out, so try and tap the bones on the half. It's all a little bit of a hack, so... Other than good luck and figure that out, you know, again, there are options services which do have ABIs. There are a lot of things you can do that don't need access to necessarily click through on the screen, but this is a big reason why a lot of people are, you know, why we're out of Mac minis and Mac Studios at the Apple Store, 'cause everybody bought them to run at their house. So the agent on that device can be opening browser tabs, and clicking on things, and navigating them, to get, that's all, but it's where we are, in our current state of the world, like, for several years before I went to Google, I tried to get them to really push and have an API and get developers ahead of us. But today, you know, some of Google's apps, and a few third party apps have started to provide interfaces of perplexity, and others have worked with people like Uber, other groups to get APIs directly into their genetic experiences. But it's definitely the bleeding edge and the wild, wild. Wesley. So, um, anyways, let's see. Other than that video I started with, I don't even think I mentioned, that was produced by Orange European mobile phone company. They bought my first art of buyire, which was building a voice based assistant. Yes, 30 some odd years ago, and they have permission for voice enabling their network, all of that was a little bit ahead of where the world actually was and the capabilities of the world were. We can now start to build that now. Another really good video, and I'll get that one to Rocky, said you can share it with you. But another really good video, is you search for the Apple Knowledge, knowledge navigator video, done by Alan K. Awesome video, even before the one we did it, Orange, in the mid '90s, showing another form of an agent UI with a visual avatar for the agent, done super well for Apple. So, Apple's knowledge navigator, another great video of what the future could look like, or just have today know something better than those two futures can realize. So anyways, if that's me ripping on some stuff, I am happy to take some questions, since I've been thinking about gentic interfaces for some 30 plus years. Yeah. Amazing. All right, so Q and A, we have 10 minutes. Which is time? So why everyone's good? Can you hear us? Which end up? Uh... Uh, hi, Rich. Thank you very much for the presentation. I, you know, I'm trying to think about that from the perspective of a builder, of a company, but also someone who just enjoys building things. You made this thesis that essentially the biggest mold that the big company is like Apple and Google have is the ecosystem distribution, right? If my mom gets to have her next pixel or whatever, it's just gonna be built in there. So there's no chance for me to be competing for the attention of my mom. And then, so this is kind of a status quo, right? There's some pieces that, I don't know, some open and Joni I will build IO device, which will be a completely new device and everyone just stops using iPhones. Maybe heavy, but maybe, right? But what would you then advice for all the builders here? We will not get an interest sitting and waiting for Google to, you know, to just build things, right? And is the best plan just to build something that Google thinks is valuable, so we all exit into Google, or maybe we build like a customer base, so it's super easy to then be sold to Google? would you advise? A lot of the natural advice. I think he has a hard time to understand that. I think I have to be right. Trying to understand, you know, how to build something that Google will prosceed as valuable whether they're not gonna do? Is that the gist of it?